Now, the real power of neural networks comes when you stack
up these simple neural networks into a multi-layer neural network.
Here we see an example of a multi-layer neural network.
In this example, this multi-layer neural network has an input layer with three units,
a hidden layer with two units,
and an output layer with a single unit.
In this case, we won't use a weight vector,
but instead we'll use a matrix of weights.
We can use these weight matrix to calculate the h values of our neural network.
For example, to get the h_1 value,
we can multiply our input features by the first column of the weight matrix.
Similarly, to get the h_2 value,
we multiply our input features by the second column of our weight matrix.
As before, we can express these operations mathematically by using matrix multiplication.
For example, the values of h_1 and h_2 can be calculated as follows.
We take a row vector consisting of
our input features and we multiply it by our weight matrix.
We can then take those values and pass them to
the corresponding activation functions to get the output of our network y.
Now, let's see how we can create a multi-layer neural network like this one in code.
As before, we're going to use tensors with random values to represent our input features,
our weights, and our biases.
Again, we start by setting the seed to
a random number generator so that things are reproducible.
Next, we create our input features,
which in this case is going to be a tensor with one row and three columns.
Next, we're going to specify the number of neurons or units in each of our layers.
Our input layer will have the same number of neurons as our input features.
Our hidden layer will have two units and our output layer will help just one unit.
Next, we create our weights.
But now, since our weights are matrices,
we need to specify the number of rows and number of columns of our weight matrices.
W1 is going to connect the inputs to our hidden layer.
So if you have three rows and two columns.
Similarly, W2 is going to connect our hidden layer to our output layer,
and therefore it should have two rows and one column.
Finally, we're going to create the biases that are going to be used to
calculate the values of our neurons in the hidden layer and the output layer.
This time, the biases are also going to be matrices.
So we also need to specify the number of rows and number of columns.
B1 is going to be used to calculate the values in the hidden layer.
So it should have one row and two columns,
and B2 is going to be used to calculate the value in our output layer.
So it should have one row and one column.
As before, I'm going to leave it up to you to
calculate the output of these multi-layer neural network.
This is a good time to pause the video and try out
this exercise for yourself before I show you the solution.
This is my solution to this exercise.
If you did everything correctly,
you should see this output.